wrong path for Assistants/bot-in-a-box (#56)
Azure-Samples/azureai-samples: scenarios/Assistants/assistant-bot-in-a-box/README.md

```

> git clone https://github.com/Azure/AI-in-a-Box

Reviewer: repo path is out of date?

Author: the repo is fine, but they changed the folder of this repo

> cd gen-ai/Assistants/bot-in-a-box

Reviewer: Is this meant for the current repo and directory paths? e.g.
```suggestion
cd scenarios/Assistants/assistant-bot-in-a-box
```

Author: @brandom-msft just for the current repo that uses this git clone https://github.com/Azure/AI-in-a-Box.
